-- Create tables for raw data to be loaded into
CREATE TABLE happiness_2015 (
country TEXT PRIMARY KEY,
happiness_rank float, 
happiness_score float,
health_life_expectancy float, 
freedom float, 
trust_government_corruption float
);

CREATE TABLE happiness_2016 (
country TEXT PRIMARY KEY,
happiness_rank float, 
happiness_score float,
health_life_expectancy float, 
freedom float, 
trust_government_corruption float
);

CREATE TABLE happiness_2017 (
country TEXT PRIMARY KEY,
happiness_rank float, 
happiness_score float,
health_life_expectancy float, 
freedom float, 
trust_government_corruption float
);

CREATE TABLE happiness_2018 (
country TEXT PRIMARY KEY,
happiness_rank float, 
happiness_score float,
health_life_expectancy float, 
freedom float, 
trust_government_corruption float
);

CREATE TABLE happiness_2019 (
country TEXT PRIMARY KEY,
happiness_rank float, 
happiness_score float,
health_life_expectancy float, 
freedom float, 
trust_government_corruption float
);


